Data science teams work in diverse technical environments with many data sources,
coding tools, computational requirements, and client expectations for data products.
Having this work spread across multiple systems creates inefficient work silos
and introduces critical gaps in security.
Our studio Workbench addresses all of this by providing IT the ability to manage and scale
data ingestion, analysis, and data product creation securely, all from one place,
while providing data scientists the ability to collaborate on R and Python projects,
whether RStudio with its ability to run multiple versions of R in different sessions,
or JupyterLab, or Jupyter Notebooks, or VS Code, each with the option of running pre-configured
data connectors, requesting compute resources, and providing the ability to collaborate with
in a shared environment. If they choose to use the RStudio IDE, team members can share projects
and track work in real time, helping to keep up with changes and supporting best practices for
code review, which ultimately allows data science leaders to build happy and effective teams while
delivering value to their stakeholders. Using RStudio Workbench, the data science team can
create reports, dashboards, and interactive applications for their organization's decision
makers, which can be hosted on platforms such as RStudio Connect. By moving work from the local
laptop and onto RStudio Workbench, users can quickly authenticate and spin up the coding
environment of their choice for either R or Python, providing easy access to pre-configured
data connectors like Snowflake, MongoDB, and Spark, just to name a few. Your team can also request
critical compute resources that they won't likely have access to on local systems, with different
user or group profiles for default and max resource usage, which helps to control cost. RStudio Workbench
makes it easier for teams to work together by providing a standardized set of installed software,
which helps ensure that data science work is reproducible between team members,
and integration with Git supports collaboration and code governance across coding environments.
RStudio Workbench. Enable your team to build great data science products.